[actions] improve email action doc (#90020)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/alerting/action-types/email.asciidoc

Sender::    The from address for all emails sent with this connector, specified in `user@host-name` format.
Host::      Host name of the service provider. If you are using the <<action-settings, `xpack.actions.allowedHosts`>> setting, make sure this hostname is added to the allowed hosts.
Port::      The port to connect to on the service provider.

> Secure::    If true the connection will use TLS when connecting to the service provider. See https://nodemailer.com/smtp/#tls-options[nodemailer TLS documentation] for more information.  If not true, the connection will initially connect over TCP, then attempt to switch to TLS via the SMTP STARTTLS command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Secure::    If true, the connection will use TLS when connecting to the service provider. Refer to  the https://nodemailer.com/smtp/#tls-options[Nodemailer TLS documentation] for more information.  If not true, the connection will initially connect over TCP, then attempt to switch to TLS via the SMTP STARTTLS command.
```

* <<exchange>>
* <<amazon-ses>>

> For other email servers, you can check the list of well-known services that Nodemailer supports in the JSON file https://github.com/nodemailer/nodemailer/blob/master/lib/well-known/services.json[well-known/services.json].  The properties of the objects in those files - `host`, `port`, and `secure` - correspond to the same email action configuration properties.  A missing `secure` property in the "well-known/services.json" file is considered `false`.  Generally, `port: 465` uses `secure: true`, and `port: 25` and `port: 587` use `secure: false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For other email servers, you can check the list of well-known services that Nodemailer supports in the JSON file https://github.com/nodemailer/nodemailer/blob/master/lib/well-known/services.json[well-known/services.json].  The properties of the objects in those files&mdash;`host`, `port`, and `secure`&mdash;correspond to the same email action configuration properties.  A missing `secure` property in the `well-known/services.json` file is considered `false`.  Typically, `port: 465` uses `secure: true`, and `port: 25` and `port: 587` use `secure: false`.
```
